Manusa BuckTrail Traditree 
Manusa BuckTrail Traditree este ambidextra, este fabricata din piele naturala maro si este disponibila in mai multe marimi.
Prevazuta cu un strat de piele cusuta pe suprafata de contact cu coarda pe fiecare dintre degetele de tragere.
Aceasta intarire ofera protectie superioara dar si o fina senzatie a corzii.





Tolba Spate Buck Trail Yuca
Realizata din piele si prevazuta cu trei compartimente pentru sageti.
Ambidextra asadara potrivita atat dreptacilor cat si stangacilor, este o tolba potrivita oricarui arcas traditionalist!








Arc HorseBow Freddie Archery Pink Hearth
Arcul este ambidextru, are o lungime de 48 inch si este "imbracat" intr-un material textil a de culoare roz.
Acest strat de material textil poarta insemne traditional coreene.
Fiind fabricat din mai multe straturi, printre care si carbon si imbracat in acel material textil, arcasul nu trebuie sa-si faca griji pentru arcul sau in caz intemperii, urmele de maini sau eventualele zgarieturi.










Şimşek Sipahi+ PLUS
Şimşek Sipahi+ PLUS (also known as Simsekbow Sipahi S+) is our renewed Traditional Turkish Bow (Ottoman Sipahi Bow) model with some design changes and modifications of our orevious Hybrid+ model in order to be useful for Horseback Archery needs.
Basically it is the smaller version of the NEW Şimşek Sipahi+ PLUS model; but only in size wise.
For the performance wise; it is a fully functional tournament level equipment..
It is fully wraped in real-leather to prevent from weather conditions.
Thus it is resistant to cold and hot weather. (+) sign at the end of the model name, represents this leather add-on feature.
It offers comfortable shooting without clogging with a 28 inch (recommended) but available for a 29inch; draw within the safety tolerances..
It is resistant to moisture, which is a major problem for laminated bows. It is absolutely unaffected by water.
Shooting in the rain or in the water is not a problem for NEW Şimşek Sipahi+ PLUS.
Both the production technique and the composition / prescription of material are new for traditional archery.
Both the weight and the reflex of NEW Şimşek Sipahi+ PLUS are very close to the laminated bows.
The &quot;hand shock&quot; problem is minimized with the leather wrap and the flexible grip inside filling.
It is also suitable for medium and advanced use as reflex and shooting comfort, as well as a good starting and training bow with high tolerance to durability and user faults.
The form of the NEW Şimşek Sipahi+ PLUS is a successful replica of historical Ottoman-Sipahi bow form you can se at museums.











Nawalny korean bow
Korean warbow based on early Joseon warbow design – stiff , longer than usual sijah , agresive profile. 53″ ntn 32″ max draw length. Draw weight and draw length measured from back of bow. Bow is  made in monolith technology. Usually in limbs on korean bow , wood is 10-15 % of total limb thickness , rest – differend synthetic materials.  We have also  traditional korean cork/leather grip , stingray arrow pass in standard. Max draw weight 60 lb 31″ . Recommended arrow mass 9-10 gpp , minimum 8 GPP arrow mass.
Another our korean model, designed special for very long draws – korean hybrid long. Hybrid becouse this model have best from 2 bows – korean and tatar. Tatar grip technical solutions what make possible narrow arrow pass , tatar kasan what increase energy storage. Korean style comfortable grip , narrow limbs and light semi static sijah.
Bow length 56″. Can be draw to 34″ draw length. Is very smooth – after 31″ draw force go up but there is no hard stack to 34″. Max draw weight 100 lb31″.








Nawalny otoman bow
Short turkish bow in classic C shape. 3 length available – very short – string about 104 cm, max draw 28″, medium – string length  about 116 cm , max draw 30″ , long – string about 120 cm , max draw 32″.  Draw weight 20 – 60 lb . Bow made in monolith synthetic horn technology. Bows are laminated from differend synthetic materials with small amount of wood placed not in core but in tension area  Standard version – black matt belly , carbon style materials on back. High arrow speed . Recommended minimum 9 GPP arrow mass for long and medium , 7 GPP for short.








Sageata Buck Trail Deluxe 5/16 - set de 6 sageti
Se comercializeaza in pachet de 6 sageti!
Sageata traditionala de top construita pentru a garanta cea mai buna calitate si care are la baza shaft-uri din lemn de molid premium!
Aceste sageti sunt rezistente si lucrate manual si sunt complete, adica sunt prevazute cu Nock, Pene naturale de 4 inch si Varf metalic.
Sagetile au diametrul 5/16 si sunt destinate arcurilor traditionale mai slabe, cu tarii cuprinse intre 30 - 40 livre.
Lungimi:
sagetile de 30 lbs au 28 inch
sagetile de 35 lbs au 29 inch
sagetile de 40 lbs au 29 inch








Sageata Molid Buck Trail Flu Flu - set de 6 sageti
Fata de sagetile prevazute cu pene normale, forma acestor pene face ca sageata sa beneficieze de o aerofrana! Ele zboare drept pe o distanta relativ scurta (aproximativ 30 m), dupa care sageata pierde brusc din viteza si coboara spre sol.
Sageata este destinata tragerii la tinte mobile, in aer sau pe distante scurte.
Sagetile exista in variante cu diametrul de 5/16 si 11/32
Sagetile sunt complete si sunt prevazute cu nock, pene Flu Flu naturale si varf.
 